(mellow piano music)
(thunder storms)
- Detective Keating.
You know me, we've been here before.
I did not murder this woman.
And after 14 hours of
grilling me on Christmas Eve,
what more could you possibly learn?
- And you think blowing smoke
up my ass for another 14 hours
is gonna get me off my game?
- One must have a game
before one can be thrown off.
- I know you killed Mrs. Egosia.
- I didn't.
- Tell me where the body is
and I might be able to
get you second degree.
- Exactly why would I
entertain that scenario
even if I was guilty,
which of course I'm not?
Every single one of
you has come at me.
Duke, Diane, now you.
And what has come of that?
Nothing, zero, zippo.
- Ashley Smith, Tara Webb, Susan Fedyk
Carrie Fox and now Mary Egosia.
The only thing they all
had in common was you.
All had flat tires, all serviced by you.
You're not fooling anyone.
We know you killed them all.
But why don't you do yourself a favor?
Admit it so we can
all get out of here.
- You are good.
You almost had me believing
I murdered those women.
- So we're just gonna keep sitting here.
- Sure.
I got no place to be.
- Well then why don't
you ask for a lawyer,
so I can get out of here?
I got presents to wrap.
- I'm enjoying myself.
I'm sorry you're not.
Besides, second degree is for losers.
- I want a coffee.
You want one?
- Sure.
- What do you want?
- I need your help.
- Sure if it gets me off
his desk for a little bit,
what you need?
- Sorry about the coffee,
but you're not gonna be here
long enough to drink it.
You know what, you're good.
It turns out that you
didn't kill those women.
- Damn right, I didn't.
- We have the real killer
in custody downstairs.
You're a free man.
Is this it?
- That's it.
Signed, sealed and delivered.
If you need anything
else, I'll be downstairs.
Detective, Chief and I will
be holding a press conference.
- Okay?
- What's his name?
- Congratulations, you are free to go.
- You tell me his goddamn name now.
- His name is Derek Hall
and he worked at the same road
service company that you did.
- That is such bullshit.
- Not sure what you mean,
but you are free to go back
to your life of obscurity
and in about 20 minutes,
Derek Hall's name will be world famous.
- No, no, no, no.
That should be my name.
Whoever you've got down
there is a goddamn liar
and if anybody's gonna be famous, it's me.
He didn't kill anybody, I did.
- And after 18 hours, why am
I supposed to believe you?
- Well, because if you
went to my mountain cabin,
you didn't know about that, did you?
And checked in the basement,
you would find every
single one of the bodies
buried under the floor, you dumbass.
- The mountain cabin outside Idlewild.
- Yeah, we never had enough evidence
to get a search warrant.
But now, now I think we do.
- We got him.
- Yeah.
Damn right we did.
- Detective, you have a
call holding on line four.
- Thanks.
(mellow music)
(sirens wailing)
- [Operator] All available
units in the area
proceed to 122 Ryder Court.
Neighbor has discovered a dead body
outside the back of the house.
Detectives and ambulance already in route.
- Unit 42, code 3 on route.
- I was just
out recently on a domestic,
unit 71 code three in route.
(camera shutters clicking)
- [Woman] I could kill you.
- Do it then.
- Liar.
- [John] I'm obviously
not getting laid tonight
so could all of you please just leave.
- [Woman] Don't you want
to claw his eyes out?
- No. No!
- [Woman] He's cheated on all of us.
- [John] Enough, just
get out, all of you.
- [Woman] And what if we don't?
- Then I'll kill you.
- [Operator] 911.
- I would like to report
a domestic disturbance.
- This is not good, Diane.
Have you seen the latest polls?
Antonette is within three points.
- Yes, I saw them
and trust me when I tell you,
we have our best detectives on it.
- Not to mention that the victim's mother
is all over the news,
screaming for justice.
- Everyday that goes by,
means less and less of a chance
they'll find those monsters
that killed my son.
John was such a good boy.
This never should have happened.
I'm just praying for justice.
- Yes, I'm aware.
- So what are we doing about it?
- I said, I'm working on it.
John Davis was murdered.
There are a lot of donors
in Grenier Park, Diane.
Do I need to elaborate?
It's time for you to go
and gets Scott Keating.
- It's not possible.
- Don't tell me it's not possible.
Scott got a serial killer to
confess after only 18 hours,
something you guys weren't
able to do for years.
- Do I need to remind you
that Detective Keating
has not been back to work
since the night he broke Clifford Daisley.
- How's he doing?
- To be honest, I'm not sure.
- Well, maybe it's time we found out.
If you ask me,
Diane it's been too long.
Keating isn't depressed anymore.
He's just, I don't know, in a funk.
(laughing)
- You're a doctor now.
- A talent like his
has been on the sideline long enough.
- Duke Brown is here.
- Send him in.
- This is first degree murder, Diane.
It's not a traffic violation.
Want to shake up the tree?
Get Scott Keating.
Now if you'll excuse me, I
have a luncheon to attend.
- Of course.
- Detective.
- Mr. Mayor
- Have a seat.
- Guess the Mayor's
not in a good mood.
- Is he ever?
- I think the
night he won his election
is the last time I saw him happy.
- I got to tell you, dude,
nothing frustrates me
more than cases like this.
- Frustrates you, huh?
- It's been a week since the questioning.
Is there anything new?
- Unfortunately, no.
- Well then unfortunately,
politics is getting in the way.
Mayor wants me to bring in Scott Keating.
- That's a mistake.
- Maybe, but it's my
call and I'm doing it.
- And who knows if he
even wants to come back?
- True but he is the best interrogator
that this office has ever had
and this might be the
case to bring him back.
- Really?
- Yes.
- Maybe so.
- Look, if you don't want
to be a part of this,
there's the door.
My back is up against it, my friend.
So either you're with me or you're not.
- Come on, Diane.
You don't have to go there.
You know, I'm always with you.
- Good, then get me the files
on all three by
the end of the day,
because I have a house call
to make in the morning.
(mellow music)
- Not answering the door?
Not picking up your cell?
- It's been on silent.
- How you been?
It's been awhile.
- What can I do for you, Diane?
- Been watching the news at all?
- No cable, no internet.
- Three women are suspects in a murder,
victim found in the home stabbed 17 times.
- Why the three?
- They found out they were all
dating him at the same time.
Idiot drunk texted them for sex
and when they showed up,
because all hell broke loose,
cops were called.
Two weeks later, guy ends up dead.
- Think one of them did it?
- Right now, that's all that makes sense.
- What do you want from me, Diane?
- The mayor's asking
you to help us on this.
I'm asking you to.
And in this file is
everything you need to know
to bring you up to speed.
- I see why the three
would be mad as hell,
but murder just for
cheating, it's kind of thin.
- Duke Brown's convinced.
- You got Duke Brown on the case?
Yeah, he's a good detective.
How long did he interrogate
them before you released them?
- How do you
know we let them go?
- Come on, Diane.
You wouldn't be here if
they were still in custody.
- Nine and a half hours.
We saw that they'd had enough
so we turned them loose
before they lawyered up.
- Evidence?
- Crime scene was pretty clean
besides blood and a ball of tape.
- Yeah, well jealousy and anger
can be a deadly combination.
- You got that right.
- Yeah.
Victim have a name?
- Yes.
John Davis.
- It's been 540 days since
Molly and Jessica left me.
Molly kept complaining
that I worked too hard.
I can't help but thinking
that if I was
home on that Christmas Eve,
instead of interrogating,
Clifford Daisley for 18 hours,
things might've been different.
But we got a
serial killer off the street,
so that's something.
- Yeah.
Just so you know, Scott, it's
more than just something.
It's way more than that.
- Well, just leave the
file on your way out.
I'll take a look.
- Listen, if I didn't say so earlier,
it's good to see you again.
- Good morning, Alice.
- Good morning.
- Messages?
- Yes.
The banners and posters
are ready to be picked up
at ABC Imaging.
- Oh, excellent.
- The contracts came.
- Great.
And you have a potential new client.
I already put them in your office.
- A walk in.
Yeah, his name is Greg Fuller.
- First suspect, Karen Jones,
She's the owner of a
small advertising company.
Karen and John had been
seeing each other the longest.
She's tough and extremely smart.
He pushed for them to get married,
but she wouldn't marry someone
who makes less money than her.
However, I'm sure it
didn't sit well with Karen
when she found out he was
cheating with multiple women.
- Good morning, Mr. Fuller.
- Call me Greg.
- Karen Jones.
What can I do for you today?
- Well, my brother and I
are opening up a restaurant
in the Valley and we're
thinking about advertising
on social media, radio,
that type of thing,
and we hear that's something that you do.
- Social media is my specialty.
- Great, that's great.
- What kind of restaurant?
- Well, we haven't decided yet.
But wait, Karen Jones.
You were the girlfriend of
the guy that got killed.
I read about it.
I'm sorry about that.
- Thank you.
I'd broken up with him two months prior.
I had to read about it too.
- How'd you feel when you found out?
- Are we here to
talk about my love life
or your ad campaign?
- I'm sorry.
I can't do anything without
running it past my brother,
but I always like to get a read
on someone I might be working with.
- Absolutely.
- And I have a feeling that
you'll be seeing me again soon.
- Looking forward to it.
- It was a pleasure.
- All mine.
Exciting.
I'm looking forward to
handling your advertising.
- The one thing I know,
we get the best effort
from those that are
professional in their field.
That doesn't mean that
there's an unlimited budget.
- Absolutely.
As we discussed, it's
all in your contract.
- Great.
- Remember me?
Why'd you do it?
- John, I'm in a meeting.
- Why don't you stop payment
on the check you wrote me?
I needed that money.
- I can come back.
- No, no.
- Good idea.
- Please, he's leaving.
- I have all the information I need,
I'll get back to my board
and I'll get back to you.
- I am so sorry.
I look forward to handling your account.
- Yeah, yeah, later.
- Are you that stupid.
- What?
- You just lost me a six-figure deal.
So I'll ask again, are you that stupid?
- Why did you cancel
the payment you sent me?
I told you I was gonna pay you
back on my deal went through.
Now, I don't even have a deal.
- After I wrote that check,
I received a call from
my credit card company.
It seems that someone
tried to withdraw $2,000
from a casino ATM.
Any idea who could have
stolen my credit card?
- Are you accusing me of stealing?
- I don't give a shit anymore, John.
All I know is this, the bank
of Karen is closed for good.
- You're gonna regret
you did this to me.
- Get out of my office.
- [Announcer] Anderson party,
court nine is now available.
- Thank you, I'll see you next week.
- Sarah Dobson,
professional ballet dancer.
33, never married, no children.
Sarah is part of a touring group
performing the Nutcracker
Suite all over the world.
John met Sarah about a year ago
after a performance in Los Angeles.
Sarah was the last
one to see John alive
and her movie alibi the night
he was killed is a bit shaky.
- A couple nice shots.
- Thanks, did you see that
last one was terrible.
- So you're relaxing or working?
- No, relaxing actually.
The owner who's right there.
He's a nice enough to
let me come here and play
when I'm not on tour, so.
- On tour?
- Yeah, sorry.
I'm a professional ballet dancer.
- Oh, well that explains the gracefulness.
- Oh, that's nice.
Thank you.
- I'm Eddie Carmen.
- Hi, I'm Sarah Dobson.
- Nice to meet you.
- Wait a second, Sarah Dobson,
the girlfriend of the guy who got killed.
I read about in the paper.
Must have been crazy.
- Yeah, if you'll excuse me, I gotta...
- I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to offend you.
You know, sometimes my
curiosity gets the best of me.
- No, it's okay really.
- You really must have cared about him.
- Sorry.
It was really nice meeting you.
- Actually, I'm reporter
for a very popular blog.
If you ever want to get
your side of the story out,
look me up.
- I appreciate that, thank you.
- No worries.
- Take care of yourself.
♪ Lord knows I
wrestle with my demons. ♪
- Here you go Charlie.
- Thank you Cass.
- What can I get you?
And finally there is Cassandra King, 46,
single mother of one son, Jared King
who's serving in Afghanistan.
Cassandra's husband,
Paul was killed
trying to exit the North
tower during the 9/11 attack.
Jared was only three at the time
and Cassandra moved to California
and she now owns a
dive bar in the Valley
and John and her met at the bar
and have been on and off
for the last two years.
- Yeah coffee.
- Yeah, just made a fresh pot.
Cream, and sugar?
- No, I'll just take a straight.
- Here you go, uh...
- Eddie.
- What?
You know that schmuck?
- No, I just
think it's kind of odd
to have an article like that framed.
- It's my claim to fame.
I used to date that lying,
cheating, stealing SOB.
- Oh yeah.
- Mh.
- Do you mind if I-
- Read all about it?
- You're Cassandra King.
I've read this article.
The police suspected you of murder.
- Yeah, but I didn't do it.
- So they cleared you.
That's pretty good, huh?
- Well, I don't know about all that.
I just told him Sarah probably did it.
The look on her face the
night we caught him, hoof.
- "The victim John Davis was
caught by Cassandra King,
Sarah Dobson and Karen
Jones all at the same time."
- Yeah, it was
a hell of a night.
(laughing)
Idiot, he was drunk.
He texted me telling me he missed me.
Come on by my house.
I get there, his other two
girlfriends are already there.
Fool sent us all the same text.
- I'm sure that went over well.
- Like a lead balloon, baby.
Sarah just cried. Karen
wanted to kill him.
So did I.
We probably would have,
but I guess some neighbor
must have heard the commotion
and called the cops.
Next thing we know the cops show up,
they tell us we have a choice.
Either leave or spend the night in jail.
So we all split.
A couple of weeks
later, he winds up dead.
- Wait a second, you
said that you and Karen
wanted him dead, but
Sarah was just crying.
- Yeah
- But then, didn't you just say
that Sarah also wanted to kill him?
- Look, I don't really know
what anyone else did or wanted to do.
I just know that I didn't do it.
See, I've got too much to lose.
I've got my bar, I've got nice
customers like Charlie here.
And most importantly, I've got
my son over in Afghanistan.
He's my everything.
I wouldn't do that to him.
- Thank him for his service.
- I'll do that.
What, no change?
- Buy one for Charlie.
- Hey, thanks guy.
- Big spender.
- Okay.
- Okay, what?
- I'm in.
- You read the files?
- Not only that, I went and
met with every one of them.
- Wow, have a seat.
You know, I want you on this,
but I am under a lot of
pressure from the mayor.
I don't need you losing it
and downing a pint of scotch.
- Yeah, that's a fair concern.
But I thought you
said it was the mayor
that asked you to
bring me in on this.
- Not if you
fail, then it's my call.
- Understood.
Look Diane, I'm done drinking.
I mean, I drank enough
in the last two years
to last me a lifetime.
So trust me, everything
will be by the book.
- There will be ground rules.
You will consult with Duke
on all interrogations.
He will listen in and watch
from behind the glass.
- Done, what else?
- I expect to be kept in the
loop on all developments.
I don't have to remind you
that there are circumstances
to these interrogations.
And if I feel even for a second,
that you are taking it
personal, you're gone.
- Diane, you asked
me to do a job.
I'll do the job.
- Last thing I will protect the
integrity of this department
at all costs.
- Understood.
So what's the play?
- You tell me.
- Bring them in.
- This afternoon, the Los
Angeles police department
brought back in the three women
in connection with the
horrific murder of John Davis.
Karen Jones, Cassandra
King and Sarah Dobson,
all former girlfriends of Mr. Davis
are being accused of
either conspiring together
or acting alone.
All three women have
maintained their innocence.
John's mother, Francine
Davis was standing by
to talk about today's developments.
- This is the second time
that these same women have been brought in
and I'm just hoping
it's for something new,
and not just for the cameras.
- You've actually already interviewed.
What do you think?
- Karen's very smart.
I always have the impression
that she's trying to stay
one or two steps ahead
of me in the questioning,
trying to lead me instead
of the other way around.
- Liar?
- Absolutely.
But it's weird, she lies about
stupid, irrelevant stuff.
She said she Hofstra University
yet she went to UC Santa Barbara.
I mean, why would somebody say that
when they know how easy
it is to check out.
- Look, I know
you've been on this case
a lot longer than me, so
I welcome your counsel.
- And I know Diane told you
I was gonna be her eyes
and ears on this thing,
but I'm a cop first.
- Copy that.
- So 72 hours.
- I have an idea.
- Game on.
- You know, I knew when
you didn't call back
there were something up.
- Mr. Fuller, right?
More like Mr. Fuller of shit.
- Fuller of shit.
That's funny.
Ms. Jones, my real name is Scott Keating
and I'm a detective with the LAPD.
I was brought in two weeks ago
to help with the murder of John Davis.
- Such a waste of time.
I already answered every question.
Don't worry about them.
- It's like I'm dealing
with a straight shooter.
- Glad you think so.
- Look, I already told you, I
don't even know why I'm here.
I told the police everything,
not sure what's changed.
- But what hasn't changed is
that John Davis is still dead
and one of you killed him.
- Really?
- Yes, really.
Throat slashed, body stabbed 17 times.
But maybe a robbery gone bad.
No, you're too smart to think that.
- Well, it wasn't me.
- Really?
Here's how this is gonna play out.
All right, you have two choices.
One, you help me solve this case
by sitting there
answering all my questions
and waiving your right to an attorney
or two, you ask for an attorney
and then this drags on for
months and convinces not only me,
but the district attorney that
you have something to hide,
something that will rain down
such a wave of focus on you
that if you didn't pay a
parking ticket 10 years ago,
we'd know about it.
- Wow, that was direct.
- You want a straight shooter?
If you're innocent,
I would suggest that you sign this letter
waiving your right to an
attorney for 72 hours.
It's not a legal document,
but if after three days
we haven't charged you with anything,
I don't think we ever will.
But if you're guilty and you
think you can outsmart me,
think the smartest thing
you could do is lawyer up.
- Got a pen?
- I'll be back in five minutes.
You want a water, soda,
coffee, something like that?
- Latte, half-caff.
- Coming up.
- Nice work.
Diane is gonna be happy about this.
- Now the clock is ticking.
- What's in the folder.
- Did you ever meet John's parents?
- No.
I know his father passed
away a couple of years ago.
No, I never met either of them.
- Tell me about your childhood.
- My childhood?
What's that got to do with anything?
- Do you want
to get out of here?
- Of course.
- Then stop asking questions
and start answering them.
- What would you like to know?
- Father.
- He left my mother when I
was six, never saw him again.
- Sorry to hear about that.
- Don't be.
Treated her like crap.
- Physically.
- Not that I recall.
The yelling.
He would get drunk and blame
her for all our problems.
Mostly money.
He went out for cigarettes
one night and never came back.
I heard years later, he died of hepatitis.
- How did your mother deal with him
walking out on the two of you?
- My mother was my champion.
She did everything she could for me.
Sacrificed.
- You were married,
but it didn't work out.
Think that had something
to do with your dad?
- That man may have been my father,
but don't ever call him my dad.
I was too young to get married.
I stuck it out for eight freaking years.
Truth is I never worked at it.
I chose to focus on my career instead.
I knew what it was
like to grow up poor,
so having to rely on a
man, never gonna happen.
- You still keep
in touch with your ex?
- Not even, please.
He was a douche bag just
like my dad - father.
Look, are we gonna talk
about who killed John?
I told the other detectives
it's gotta be Cassandra.
- Yeah, why?
- Come on.
The knife that killed
John was military issued.
I looked it up.
Only person I know
who could get her hands
on a weapon like that
is a mother whose
son is a Green Beret.
Okay, if I was gonna kill
John, which I didn't,
I'd just hire a guy.
Less mess.
Anyway, Casandra should be
the one in here, not me.
What are you writing?
- We found Chenille
fibers at the crime scene.
You know anything about that?
- Yeah, it's Chenille and hell
no, I don't wear that crap.
- Guard, please take Ms.
Jones back to her cell
and bring Ms. Dobson.
- Miss Dobson, Sarah Dobson.
What a sweet naive girl.
She loved John and he
treated her like shit.
That girl couldn't hurt
somebody's feelings,
let alone kill a guy.
I'm telling you, it's got to be Cassandra.
- Okay.
You know that file?
That file contains more
information about the three of you
than you know about yourselves.
So when one of my suspects-
- Persons of interest.
- When one of my suspects
who actually grew up in a
middle-class neighborhood,
middle-class family, father
an insurance salesman,
mother, a school teacher,
happily married for 53 years,
you'll excuse me if I'm a bit skeptical
if I'm fed a bunch of
sympathetic bullshit.
- You forget, I dated
a college quarterback.
- UCSB doesn't have a football team.
Something to think about
while you sit in your cell
for a couple hours.
Get her out of here.
- Let's go Jones.
- Are you all right?
You look like you lost your
cool for a second there.
- No, I'm okay.
That's what I wanted her to think.
- Cool, you need anything?
- Let's cut the
lights on the next one.
Don't be scared.
Here we go.
Like I said earlier, if you're innocent,
you have nothing to worry about.
- Karen is the one who
killed John, not me.
- Why would you say that?
- I saw the rage.
- You knew John's mother?
- We never met personally,
but we talked on the
phone a couple of times.
here and there
- We need to interview Francine Davis.
- But you never lent
him any money, did you?
- No, he knew
I didn't have any money.
I mean, I'm a ballet dancer
and my mom's house is in foreclosure.
So anything that I
had, it went to her.
- How'd you meet John?
- Actually, we met the same
way that you and I met,
except he didn't give me a fake name.
- Part of the job.
- He was young
for his age, you know?
But I'll tell you one thing.
He had a temper.
He got this package in the mail
and it was filled with dog crap.
(chuckles)
Yeah, dog crap and he lost it.
- Why would someone send them
a package full of dog crap?
- I think he owed somebody money.
- What would make you
come to that conclusion?
- Well, there was a note attached
that said I'm gonna keep giving you shit
until I get my money.
- There it is.
Someone was literally giving him crap.
So you were dating
John for about a year
before you found out
he was cheating on you.
- Yeah, I think that's about right, yeah.
- How'd that make you feel?
- How do you
think it made me feel?
I mean, I was mad.
- Hurt?
- Of course.
- Angry.
- Yes.
- Angry enough to kill him.
- No, absolutely not.
I loved him.
- Because in your earlier
interviews with the detectives,
Karen and Cassandra said that
you threatened to kill him
right there in the kitchen.
- Karen and Cassandra a lying.
- You know how many times
my mother used to say to me,
if you do that again,
I'm gonna kill you?
Hundreds.
Did I really think
she was gonna kill me?
Of course not.
She was angry.
So are you sure that
maybe in a fit of rage,
maybe you said something like that?
- And even, if you did say it,
it doesn't make you a killer.
- Maybe.
I was so mad.
But as you said, it doesn't
mean I did it, right?
- State your name for the record.
- Don't think I didn't see you
eyeballing that scotch bottle
before you ordered the
coffee there, Eddie.
Cassandra King.
- Did you murder John Davis?
- No.
Doesn't mean I'm not
dancing a jig on the inside
because somebody else did though.
- Do you know John's parents?
- His dad was dead and he
never talked about his mother.
So, no, I didn't know them.
Do you know what a Birmington knife is?
- I don't know, I'm gonna
guess a knife from Birmington.
A military knife used by
seals and such for combat.
- And your son is currently
serving in Afghanistan.
- He is.
- When was the
last time you saw him?
- Last Christmas.
- Did you murder John Davis?
Why don't you ask the ballerina?
- I'm asking you.
- And I already told you, no.
(sighs)
- How's it going?
- Just getting started
with Cassandra King.
- How'd you meet John?
- He was a regular at the bar.
He used to come in on his way
home from work for nightcap.
One night I was closing up
and he stopped in begging for a drink.
Let's just say he was still there
at the bar with me in the morning.
- How long ago was that?
- Two years ago.
- And your previous interviews
with detective Brown,
you said that John owed
you a lot of money.
- 10,000.
Did you have that
kind of money on hand?
- I borrowed against my bar.
I've been to your bar.
It's not a smart idea.
I loved him and he needed the money.
Wouldn't you do anything
for the people that you love, Detective.
- Hey! I'm asking the questions.
You do not talk about my family.
- Excuse me.
- Do you understand?
- Yeah.
- John ever pay you back?
- No.
- Nothing.
- I once loaned
a friend of mine, 2000
and when he didn't pay me back,
I wanted to punch his lights out.
But 10,000, you must
have been going crazy.
- You'd think so, wouldn't you?
- I'll call.
- Call.
(laughing)
- We need to talk.
- Hold on, give me a second,
I'm in the middle of a hand.
- A king and four, you got nothing.
- Oh, what do you doing?
- You like that, huh?
- I guess I'm folding.
Be right back.
- Hell, I'll call.
- Kings and sevens.
- Two pair, seven and sevens.
- Damn it.
- What's the hell is matter with you.
I was gonna win that hand.
- Where the hell is my money?
- Don't worry, it's coming.
- Bullshit! That's what
you said last week.
- Would you keep your voice down, please.
- What'd you do Johnny?
Did you gamble my money?
- Of course I didn't
as I said, it's invested
in a business venture.
I'm told I'm getting paid soon, double.
- You're full of shit.
You got yourself a cheater in here.
Have a nice game, ass hole.
- He said it
was for a business venture
and I'd get my money back
within a couple of weeks.
Of course that never happened.
- Your son ever meet him?
- Once, he didn't approve.
- Why?
- Because he thought he was using me.
- You ever tell
your son about the money?
- Hell no, I didn't tell
him about the money.
- Your son ever
find out about the money?
- Look, I know where
you're going with this.
My son's been in Afghanistan
for the past four months.
- In all your conversations,
you maybe let it slip to
your son about the money?
Careful what you say,
'cause you do not know what I know
and the last thing you
want to do is lie to me.
- What does he know?
- Nothing I told him.
- You keep me posted.
- I might have mentioned it.
But as I said, my son's
been in Afghanistan.
If you think my son had
anything to do with this,
you're wrong.
You're making a big mistake.
I told you it's Sarah.
She killed John.
What'd she tell you her alibi was?
She went to the movies.
What did she see?
Kindergarten Cartel, please.
Nobody saw that train wreck.
Some LA blogger said
the person that wrote it
should never be able to write again.
- Taste in movies is subjective.
- Did Sarah tell you that John
made her have an abortion?
She was all excited to
be having John's baby,
but when she told him, he flipped out.
He told her that
he was gonna dump her
if she didn't get rid of it.
Now Sarah says that
they worked through it.
She forgave him.
But come on, how do you
forgive the unforgivable?
- How do you
know so much about Sarah?
- Because that night
after sitting here in this
hell hole for 12 hours,
we all went for a drink.
Sarah likes to talk.
We felt like her therapist.
- Guard.
- What, you don't believe me?
I'm telling you,
Sarah's the killer.
You're wasting your time with me.
- Jesus, Duke.
You think we missed something?
- Now they think my son did it.
- That's ridiculous.
If that's all they got then
we know they got nothing.
just like the last time
they brought us in.
- They didn't even know
about Sarah's abortion.
- Hey.
- Sorry, Sarah.
For all I know, you did do it.
- That was out of line.
- Look, I'm gonna say
whatever I have to say
to clear my name.
- Forget what we all agreed to, huh?
It's like it's everybody for themselves.
And just for the record, John
and I worked through all that.
Okay, so.
- Oh no, you didn't.
Nobody works through that shit.
- Speaking from experience?
- No, just our experience with John.
- Want a glass of wine or something?
Come on, you know I hate drinking alone.
- No honey, I can't.
- You can't, you
mean you don't want to.
- No, mean I actually can't,
not for at least the next eight months.
- Are you telling me what
I think you're telling me?
(laughing)
- I'm pregnant.
We're gonna have a baby.
- Alright, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Well, how did this happen?
I thought you were on the pill.
- I know, I am.
I guess we're part of that rare 0.9%.
It's called a happy accident.
- No, no, no, there's
nothing happy about this.
I'm not ready to be a father.
- I mean, are you ever ready?
Listen, you're gonna be an amazing father.
- Yeah, let me rephrase that.
I don't wanna be a father.
Okay, you can't have this baby.
- What? No.
- Sarah, you can't have this baby.
- I thought you'd be happy.
- You believe in the
right to choose, right?
- Of course.
- Yeah, right.
So do I and I choose for
you not to have this baby.
- I'm sorry, it doesn't work that way.
- What do you mean?
You know what this is bullshit.
- Stop it.
(sobbing)
- Hey.
- Don't touch me.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to yell.
Just sit down, we'll talk.
- Stop.
- Okay.
Listen, do you know why
I fell in love with you?
Because you're smart, you're
talented, you're beautiful
and you're the sweetest
person in the world,
everything that I'm not.
- Don't say that.
- No, it's true.
Being around you makes me a better person.
The first night I saw you,
pirouetting on that stage.
I said to myself, I
have to meet this angel.
And not only did it meet you,
but we fell in love with each other.
I mean, how that
happened, I'll never know.
(laughing)
- You can be pretty charming, sometimes.
- Look, the future is
super bright for us, Sara
and I'm telling you soon enough,
we're gonna get married and
we're gonna start a family.
But now is just not the right time.
And I promise you, I promise you
that there's gonna be
plenty of more chances
for us to start a family.
Please, I'm begging you to
do this one thing for me.
I'm just not ready to be a father.
- Why did we even sign
that stupid piece of paper.
Now we're all stuck here.
- Because we're all innocent.
- You know, there was something weird
that happened when I was in there though.
- What?
- I was trying to explain to him
that I would do anything
for the people that I loved.
I asked him if he would, all
of a sudden, he flipped out.
- Are you thinking he's
distracted by something?
- That's exactly what I'm saying.
I'm just not sure what it is.
- Excuse me, guard.
- What are you doing?
- I need to make a phone call.
- I'm supposed to let the detectives know
if you plan on calling a lawyer.
- I'm not calling a lawyer,
I'm calling my assistant.
I do own a business.
Operator, I need to make a collect call.
- I would love to go with you.
Are you kidding me?
Thank you.
Oh my God, can you
hold on for one second.
I just have to hold on, okay.
Joan's advertising.
- Alice, it's me.
- Hey, are you doing okay?
- Stop talking.
- How did you not know this?
- Sara never mentioned.
- I know, but
why didn't she mention it?
- Easy, your motive to focus on her.
- Maybe.
- Humiliation, embarrassment, regret,
self-loathing, take your pick.
No offense, gentlemen,
but you got a big fat zero
on trying to figure out how a
woman deals with an abortion.
This self-doubt alone
could haunt her for years.
- How long does it take to
get over something like that.
- Okay, just focus on the big picture.
Ask yourself what is the number one cause
for murder investigation
in the last 10 years?
- Money.
- Let me know
when you have any updates.
- Will do.
- Oh, and gentlemen,
you never get over it.
- Okay Duke, let's assess where we are.
All right, what do we know?
I know that somebody
gets their throat slashed
and stabbed 17 times.
Odds are pretty good that
they know their attacker.
However, we have one suspect,
Karen who doesn't care.
Sara, she cares too much
and even though she
said she didn't do it,
Cassandra, she wants to throw a party
now that it happened.
- Now you go a taste of
I've been dealing with.
- Can you do me a favor.
Before you bring Ms.
Jones back in,
can you give me the transcript
of the interview he did
with Sara Dobson and the
first time you brought her in?
- You got it.
- Yeah, thanks.
- Oh man, that is terrible.
Who?
So which one of
you went to the movies
the night John Was killed?
- Hell if I know.
As I said, I was having dinner
at my assistant Alice's house.
- Oh, that's right.
No one else saw you, right?
- When's the last time you
went to the movies, detective?
Actually, when's the last
time you did much of anything?
Word on the street is that
you've been off the job
for the last two years.
- We're not talking about me.
What are you afraid of, detective?
- I'm not afraid of anything.
- Well, then let me speak.
Who knows, detective?
I might just reveal something
to you and not even know it.
Christmas Eve, 2017,
Molly and Jessica Keating
driving down Pacific coast highway
when a car jumped the median, hit them.
Both were killed instantly.
- Don't you talk about
my wife and daughter.
Apparently the driver of the car swerved
when some tunnel piping fell
off the truck in front of him.
He should've swerved right,
but unfortunately he swerved left.
- You have no right to talk
about my wife and daughter.
- Temper, temper, detective.
You don't want to bias the investigation,
making it personal.
But of course, how
could it not be personal
when the driver's name was John Davis?
- Oh Jesus.
- You have and idea
what I've been through.
- Ruled an accident, my
ex-boyfriend walked free,
your wife and daughter are dead.
And yet you sit in
front of me and tell me,
you can be unbiased?
- You don't think that when
I heard John Davis was dead,
part of me felt awesome?
Wouldn't be human if I didn't.
But this is my job.
This is what I do.
I solve murder cases
and you're not gonna turn
this into a shit show.
- As far as I'm concerned,
this whole investigation is a shit show.
Be honest detective.
Aren't you glad he's dead?
- Oh no, don't.
- Maybe you killed him?
You say it's personal, detective.
Personal to whom?
(screaming)
- You want personal?
You really want personal?
Bring up my wife and daughter
again and I'll kill you.
- Scott! Stop!
What are you doing?
Get her out of here.
- The man threatened to kill me.
I don't care what I
signed, I want my lawyer.
- What happened to my phone call?
- Why don't you take a
few minutes and calm down.
- How can you
sit by and be replaced
by somebody so incompetent?
Did you see him in there?
He's falling apart.
- There's no way to
justify the way he behaved.
- What happened, Karen?
- Why don't you give it a break?
John ever tell you about
the accident he had
a couple of years ago?
The one that killed two people.
- Yeah, he told me.
- Yeah, the one on Christmas Eve, right?
- Turns out the victims
were the detective's wife and daughter.
- What?
- Yeah.
- He's the one that's
investigating this case?
- No, you can
question him all you want.
This guy's never wrong, ever.
- Come on, detective.
You know, we're all innocent.
- You may not be guilty, but
no one in here is innocent.
(breathing heavily)
- Get out!
Whatever you're thinking
about doing, don't.
- What am I thinking about doing?
- If you think about telling
Diane what happened, don't.
She'll take me off the case.
Look, I know I screwed up in there.
- I told you in the very
beginning that I was a cop first.
Hey man, you blew up.
It happens.
But come on, man.
She baited you good.
- I guess she did, huh?
- As long as you're not
drinking on the job,
which was clearly not
because I would know,
I have nothing to tell Diane.
- Thanks, Duke.
- Who you got coming in next?
- Got a video conference
with Francine Davis.
Gotta find out what her
relationship with their son was.
- I tell you what, why
don't I handle that one?
- What, in front of Diane?
- You need to chill.
Maybe you'll see something watching that
you wouldn't conducting the interview.
When we resume with the ladies,
you'll be back in the room.
- Okay.
- Good.
- Ms. Davis, I can't tell you
how much I appreciate this.
It should only take a few minutes.
- Good call letting Duke take this.
- Ms. Davis, did you know Karen Jones,
Cassandra King or Sara Dobson personally?
- No, I didn't.
John and I didn't see
each other very often,
so I never had
the chance to meet them.
However, I did speak on the phone
from time to time with Sara.
- And did any
of them attend the funeral?
- No, I held
the service here in Florida.
So none of them attended.
- How would you characterize
your relationship with John?
- What do you mean by that?
- Was it a good relationship?
Did you get along?
Did you see each other often?
- I guess I'd say we got
along pretty normally.
The last time I saw John,
was at the reading of my husband's will,
about two years ago.
- Sorry, I'm late.
My secretary is out having a root canal.
- It's nice of you to show up.
- Don't listen to him, Anthony.
It's fine.
- Shut up, Francine.
- Before we get to it, I would
like to say a few things.
- That's cool, but
can you make a quick.
- John, please show some respect.
- I've known Howard now
for almost 30 years.
I mean he was
the best mentor and friend
that I could have possibly hoped for.
When I interviewed to
work here, right here,
really right out of law school,
I mean, Howard took me to lunch
and he made me drink
three martinis with him.
And then he asked
me if I would do
a five-minute closing argument
overturning Plessy versus Ferguson, 1896
would be known now as Brown
vs. Board of education, 1954.
I mean I'm half of the
bag and I give it a shot.
And a week later,
I get the job.
And a month later,
I asked Howard,
I said, "Howard," I said,
"why did you make me do that?"
And he says, and I quote, he said,
"Anthony, I have landed more clients
"and I have billed more
clients at lunch meetings,
"drinking martinis."
(laughing)
And he said you may or
may not be a good lawyer,
but if you're gonna work for me
I've got to know that you're
gonna be at your best,
no matter how many drinks in.
- That was my Howard.
(laughing)
- Yeah, that's a nice story.
Now, can we get
on with the, you know.
- I hope he gave you nothing.
You can't even mourn correctly.
You are disgrace to his memory.
- Yeah, whatever.
- Please continue.
- Sure.
Maybe we should just get to it.
- All right, let's take a look.
To the love of my life, Francine,
I leave all my assets, the
house, the car, the boat,
our summer home in Key West.
- Oh, come on.
- Now, as far as any financial assets,
I've set aside $7 million.
five million to be paid to
my wife, Francine immediately
and on his 50th birthday,
my son, John Davis
shall receive the remaining $2 million.
- Fuck yeah.
- It is my hope
that by the age of 50,
John will have found his purpose in life
and this money will secure his future.
But I must be clear, he says.
I just channeled Howard's finger.
- My Howie.
- Not one penny shall
be dispersed to my son
at any time before 50.
Any financial assets
North of the $7 million
will go to cover legal expenses
and the remainder donated to
the Wounded Warrior Project.
And that's it.
- God, if he had
known what type of person
you'd become he never would
have given you that money.
- Fuck off Francine, I'm rich.
Anthony, see you in two years.
- Okay.
- So all in all, you would say
it was a pretty good relationship.
- Yes, absolutely.
- Thank you for your help.
- Please get justice for my son.
- Good job, Duke.
- Really?
I don't think we learned anything.
- Thoughts?
- And I'm gonna need to see
the security footage from the theater
and I need Cassandra
King in for five minutes.
- Not nice to keep a lady waiting.
- Yeah, I'm sorry.
Sorry about that.
Important call, really had to take it.
- Heard there were a lot
of fireworks earlier.
- It's a heck of a
coincidence, huh detective.
- So the night John was killed,
you were at the bar in the
back office doing paperwork.
- I was.
- Who was bartending?
- Milo.
He's been with me for about four years.
A great employee, very trustworthy.
- You fell asleep there,
waking up there in the morning.
- Look, we've already been
through this like 20 times, yes.
- And Milo saw
you, but didn't wake up.
- It happens all the time.
That's why he's got
his own set of keys.
He closes up for me.
- And the camera's in the
bar, in the back office
they weren't working because?
- Because they're fake, they never have.
- How convenient for you?
- Not really.
If they were working, I wouldn't
be sitting here with you.
I'd be at home playing with
my dog or working at the bar,
or you know, living my life.
- Oh, I love dogs.
What kind do you have?
- A rescue.
Pit bull mix, Sheba.
What kind do you have?
- I don't have a dog.
It's the night John was killed.
It's the knife. You never
bought a military grade knife.
- No.
- Guard, please let him in.
How are you, sir?
Thank you for taking
the time to come down.
- My pleasure.
- For the record, could
you state your name.
- Dan Dooley.
- And what is it you do
for living Mr. Dooley?
- I run a sporting goods store
in Studio City, California.
You should stop by sometime.
We'll give you a discount.
- Okay, fantastic.
And you guys are doing well.
- Oh, excellent.
I mean 3 million in sales last year.
We're about to open up
a new store in Arcadia.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- And can you say for the record,
whether or not you recognize
the woman sitting here today?
- Absolutely, sure do.
She came in and bought a
knife a couple of months back.
- With the store having
that much business,
how are you certain that
this woman here came in-
- This is ridiculous, all right.
- Are you kidding?
I mean, do you know how many
women that look like her
come into my store?
I didn't wait on her personally.
One of my employees did.
And of course with those types of knives,
we have to do
a little bit of checks,
make sure that not on parole,
probation, that type of thing.
And so when she came back
in to pick up the knife,
she had to deal with me
because she had to sign the paperwork.
- So you are 100% certain
that this young lady
brought a knife off him.
- Oh, absolutely.
- This is ridiculous.
- Thank you very for coming down, Dan.
- My pleasure.
- All right.
- But sir, was that the
only thing I bought?
- Yeah, I think so.
- Think harder.
- That's right.
She bought a lockbox, a
very expensive one, too.
- That's right.
I left and I came back and I
asked you about the lockbox
and I bought the exact
one you recommended.
- That's right,
I remember now.
And let me tell you, beautiful product.
You should probably get one for yourself.
- And if you check UPS
International Shipping,
you'll see that I believe next week,
I sent it to my son overseas.
I'm telling you, no matter what you think,
I didn't kill anyone.
- Thank you, Dan.
You can go.
- Well, it checks out.
She sent it 10 days later,
but she sent it. Corporal
Santos signed for the package.
- Yeah, you know what,
you were right, Duke.
I now understand your
frustration with this case.
All my experiences as a detective,
I know one of them did
it, but like you said,
this thing is all over the map.
Any suggestions you have, I'll take.
- Well, you know,
we've been focusing on
attacking their credibility,
asking them a bunch of questions,
trying to trip them up.
But if you asked me, my
money's on Cassandra King.
- Yeah, I think I'm with you.
I mean, Sarah would not
kill somebody like this
and Karen, she wouldn't do it herself.
She'd hired somebody.
- So let's go with that.
We'll connect the dots.
Let us squirm until she confesses.
Look, she had access to the knife,
he owed her money and she
sure as hell had the hate.
- Yeah, but the knife was shipped off
weeks before the murder.
- Yeah, there's that of course.
- Detectives.
- Here's the transcript you asked for.
- Thank you, thank you, thank you.
- Got the Sara Dobson interview?
- Yeah.
You know what it gets me though
is that why she paid
$1,500 for that knife?
- That's how much they cost?
- No, because I call five
different sporting goods stores,
including Dan's to get comparative price.
So the high end was $549...
(tense music)
- The manufacturer had an
option for a custom handle
that would favor a
left-handed or right-handed.
That knife cost $1,500.
- Boom.
- What?
(laughing)
What?
- I want to
tell you a little story
and when I'm done, one
of you is not going home.
- Is it time to call my lawyer?
- No, they'll be time a little
bit later, but like I said,
I'm just gonna tell you a little story.
- Then get on with it.
- I first wanna say
I know that John Davis,
he was no boy scout,
but nobody deserved to be
killed as savagely as he was.
Now first Karen Jones,
I want to... Ms. Jones,
I first want to apologize.
I said a couple things that I
shouldn't have, and I'm sorry.
- Apology accepted.
- Karen, you were married to Michael Jones
for eight years before divorcing him
and reading the court papers
it was a pretty nasty divorce.
Even at the gall to
ask for spousal support
after cheating on her with
an ex high school girlfriend.
- What a dick.
And I don't believe that someone
who went through all that
would what savagely kill
someone for cheating on him.
But I think the
thing that got you was
was that he got away with it.
He got one over on you.
And like you said, you
wanted to kill someone,
you wouldn't do it yourself.
You'd hire somebody.
- Right, so I can go now, yeah?
- Now Cassandra.
- Bring it.
- You on the other hand
had all the reason.
Not only was John cheating on you,
but he also owed you 10 grand.
And I know you
ain't the kind of woman
that's gonna get played.
- Damn straight.
- Now we know the knife that
killed John was military grade
but we also know the only
knife that we know about
was shipped over to
Afghanistan three weeks ago.
So we're sure that that knife
could not have been the murder weapon.
- Finally, that's what I've
been telling you all along.
- But here's the thing.
- What?
- You didn't buy
that night for your son.
- What are you talking about?
- You may have sent it to him,
but you bought that knife for John.
Thank you, Duke.
Hang out.
- Go on my son's social media
and you'll see pictures
of that exact knife.
- You knew John couldn't
buy the knife himself
with his previous record and
the conditions of his parole,
he couldn't buy anything.
So he gave you $1,500 for a
knife that usually costs 500.
- Why?
- I guess because it's
somebody else's money.
- No, no, no, because he wanted you
to get a special made grip
for someone left-handed.
See, Duke just handed of me this photo.
This is a picture of John,
we got from his home.
You can take a look closer,
you can see the driver
head, notice anything?
- Yeah, John was a lefty golfer.
- John was left-handed.
Every time he went to sushi,
he would go into the booth first
so he wouldn't keep hitting
me with his chop sticks.
It was really cute.
- Correct, John was left-handed.
Now this is something
that Duke just handed me
from the Department of Defense
that your son filled out
when he joined the Army.
Care to guess what it says?
- That he was right-handed.
- Bingo.
Now this is where
it gets a little funky.
You said by your own statement
that you were leaving the store, stopped,
decided to keep the knife,
that's when you went
back and bought the box.
Yeah, you probably thought
this guy owes me $10,000
and I'm just gonna hand
them over a $1,500 knife.
No, no.
So that's according to Sarah's testimony.
When you probably came up with the idea
to fill the box with dog
shit and send it to John.
(laughing)
- But you already know,
I sent that knife to my son
before John was ever killed.
- That's right.
You did do that, didn't you?
- Now, Sarah, you said
you were at the movies
during the time of John's murder, correct?
- Yeah, that's correct.
- This is a security still from
the night John was murdered
and you can clearly see
Sarah walked into the theater
with a, with a soda and a popcorn.
If you look right
up here in the corner,
you can see a little timestamp, 8:40.
Now, you fast forward two hours later
and you can see the crowd
walking out and there's Sara.
- Hey, so we're seeing Sara's alibi.
So we can all go now, right?
- Well not quite see.
You see the sweater Sara's wearing.
- I was wearing a sweater.
I mean, it's cold in movie theaters.
Everyone knows that.
- Yeah, but you see Sara,
the thing is that we found
these fibers in John's blood
and is from a very rare material
nowadays called Chanille.
- My mom got
that sweater as a child
and she gave it to me.
And just because there's material,
that doesn't make me a murderer.
- No truer words have been said, Sara,
but you know, it got me thinking.
In your interview,
in your interview with Detective Brown,
you were very specific about
a review of the movie you saw.
- Kindergarten Cartel, terrible reviews.
- Yes, they were were horrible.
Weren't they, Cassandra?
In fact, you quoted me from
an LA blog reviewer who said,
whoever came up with that idea
should be banned from
ever writing movies again.
Harsh. Yet, here's Sara's
interview with Duke
three weeks ago.
Duke: what movie did you see?
Sara: Kindergarten Cartel.
Duke: any good?
Sara: it was beyond bad.
In fact, whoever came up with that idea
should be banned from
ever writing movies again.
Huh, either that's a Mega
Ball type coincidence
or maybe you didn't
see the movie at all.
- Well, you clearly see that
I've went to the movies.
- Sara.
- But I didn't do it.
I swear.
- Coercing someone into
getting an abortion.
You were thinking the two of you
were gonna get married the whole time
only to find out
he was cheating on you.
- Damn Sara, you did do it.
- Our poor innocent Sara
went to the movies at night.
When the lights went down,
she snuck out of the back,
went over to John's house and killed him.
- No.
- Security said there
was an unauthorized exit
from the movie theater at 8:52
and then another one at 10:24.
You taped the back door shut
so that when it closed, it didn't lock.
- No.
- Then you drove over to John's.
- No, no, no, no.
That is not what happened.
- The fibers they
found at the crime scene
match exactly to the sweater
that you're wearing in this photo
and forensics even
estimated that the fibers
are at least 50 years old.
- And you said
that, that was the sweater
that your mother wore as a child.
- No, listen to me,
I want to speak.
The truth is I have no idea
what happened that night.
All I know is that
I sat in my seat,
and then I was woken
up at the end credits.
I know, I know that sounds crazy
but that is the truth, okay.
I didn't leave by way of the exit.
I didn't tape the door and I
certainly didn't kill John.
I loved him.
- Sara, look what you put us through.
- Wait a second.
What about the weapon?
You said that it was a
very uncommon knife, okay.
How would I get ahold of it?
How would I kill him with that?
- We found this two-sided
tape on the ground
in a spot of water.
So here's what Sara did.
You were there when John received
the package Cassandra sent.
John was so mad that he
kicked you and the box
outside of his house.
Took the box home, cleaned
it out, filled it with water,
put it into the freezer.
And boom. Hour later, a perfect replica
of the military grade knife.
The two-sided tape
wrapped around the handle
so it wouldn't slip.
Put in a little cooler
and then when you left the movie theater,
you drove over to John's,
you lured him outside and you killed him.
Stand up.
Stand up!
Sara Dobson, you're under arrest
for the murder of John Davis.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and
will be used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right to an attorney.
If you can not afford an attorney-
- Scott, congratulations, excellent work.
I never would have come
up that. The ice knife.
Brilliant.
- It wasn't just me, it was everybody.
- No, I can't
tell you what a win
this is for the department
and I hope that this means
you'll be back permanently.
- Well, if Duke handles
the processing papers,
I'll think about it.
- I'm on it baby.
- I got to go
set up a press conference.
You coming?
- Spotlight's more your thing.
- Great to have you back.
- After a grueling investigation,
I'm happy to announce an arrest
in the connection of the
killing of John Davis.
And I wanna thank
the DA and her team
for a job well done.
Now I'm gonna ask Diane
to say a few words.
- Thank you, mayor.
It's been a grind, but this
department couldn't have done it
without detective Scott
Keating and Duke Brown.
And with that, are there any questions?
(mellow music)
- Excuse me, when you get a
chance, can we have the check?
- Of course.
- Great.
- And I'll take this
whenever you're ready.
- Thank you.
- Hey.
(laughing)
- Hey, small world.
I forgot you work around here.
- Yeah.
It's hard to break away during the week,
but I like to get over here
in the weekends, if I can.
So I heard Sara's attorney
and the prosecution
made a plea deal.
- Yeah, 12 years.
- How do you feel about that?
- It's not my job to feel.
It's my job to get to the truth.
But if you're asking as a civilian,
I think she made the right choice.
Minimum 25 if she lost at
trial, that's too much to risk.
- Yeah, I get that.
Please tell the DA, apology accepted.
- I will.
You want anything?
I haven't paid yet.
- Oh no, I'm
gonna grab something to go.
I've got a weekend
meeting with an attorney
who wants to advertise.
Ironic, huh?
- I'm sure you'll do great.
- Hey listen, I want to say,
I really am sorry about what
happened to your family.
- You know what
again, in a weird way,
it's kind of good for me.
- How so?
- Well, you know, I've been
running for the past two years
and this case made me stop
had to finish the grieving process.
And if it took finding
the killer of the guy
who took my family, then
you know what, even better.
- Mind if I run something by you?
- Shoot.
- Look, I know all the
evidence points to Sara,
but what if she's telling the truth?
- Guilty people lie all the
time, believe me, she's guilty.
- What if she's not?
- Look, Sara arrives at the
theater for an 8:45 movie.
Now she says she doesn't remember anything
from the time she got
there til the end credits.
- Correct.
- Okay.
What if somebody drugged her?
- Drugged her?
So now we're bringing in drugs, huh?
- People get distracted at
movie theaters all the time.
All it takes is waiting
for the right moment.
- Excuse me.
- Yeah.
- I'm having trouble
taking off my backpack.
Can you help me?
- Yeah, of course.
It would be so easy for
someone to just lean over
and put a little something in her drink.
- Of course.
There you go.
- Thank you.
- Enjoy the movie.
- You too.
- Two to three minutes later,
she was out like the light.
A person then grabs some
fibers from Sara's sweater
and heads over to the exit,
making sure to put a little
tape on the exit to get back in.
That person is then picked up
and the two drive to John's house.
- How'd it go?
- Perfect.
We've got 74 minutes, let's roll.
- After they get to John's house,
one of them takes him outside to distract
while the other gets ready.
When the time is right, they strike.
- Remember me?
- After John is dead,
they leave a few fibers
from a rare sweater in a
pool of blood on the ground,
leaving the murder weapon to melt away,
but making sure the tape was found.
10 minutes later, the movie ends.
- That was a lousy movie.
- Excuse me lady, are you okay?
- Yeah.
- So what do you think?
Could that be possible
or just one of my wacky theories?
- Hey, how you doing Eddie?
(chuckles)
What, no hello?
- I just ran
my theory by the detective
about Sara being innocent
of John's murder.
I think he's still taking it in.
- I thought it was crazy when
she told me too detective.
Crazy possible.
- So you just basically
killed a man for nothing
and Sara's gonna rot in
jail for the next 12 years
for a crime she didn't
commit because he cheated,
because he owed you money?
He was broke, so what?
- Are you sure about that, detective?
- What the hell is going on?
- I may have shared his last name,
but John was never my real son,
but you knew that, right detective
or did you miss that too?
When my husband died two years ago,
I wasn't aware that he had set
up a trust fund for his son
for when he turned 50. $2 million!
How unfortunate that he didn't make it.
- Let me guess, you got the money.
John has been nothing but
a loser his entire life.
And Sara called me crying
and told me about the night
they all found out about his cheating,
I decided to reach out to these two,
get a feel so to speak.
It didn't take much, but look
at the bright side, detective.
Sarah may be an innocent
woman doing some hard time,
but I made sure that her mother
doesn't have to worry about
that pesky foreclosure anymore.
- Francine's extra 500,000
reasons for each of us
wouldn't make it hard to decide.
- Are you three confessing right now?
- Come on, detective,
like Francine would pay us
half a million dollars
each to kill her stepson.
- Hell I would
have done it for 10.
- I just wanna say thank you, detective.
The city is so much safer
today because of you.
- So much safer.
- Absolutely.
- I won't let
you get away with this.
- How long away?
Two years away?
You got overconfident.
I know how the justice department works.
47 wins and no losses,
how many of those people
were in innocent too?
Yeah, when I found out
that John killed your wife and daughter,
it didn't take much for you
to make it personal, did it?
And in the process, you
lost track of the truth
and Sara lost everything.
Chew on that for the next 12 years.
(phone ringing)
- Brown.
- They played me Duke.
- Where have you been?
I've called and text you
for the past three days.
- Duke, damn it,
the look on their faces.
- Are you drunk?
- Sara Dobson didn't kill John Davis.
- Where's this coming from?
- You got to get
Diane to reopen the case.
- It's not gonna happen, Scott.
The investigation is closed.
She pled guilty, end of story.
- No, no.
I have to let her know that
I know that she's innocent.
- All she'll see is the
man who destroyed her life.
Scott.
- [Officer] Inmate Dobson,
you have a visitor.
- Wow, I never
thought I'd see you again.
Did you come here to gloat?
I can't even believe you at
the nerve to show up here.
You ruined my life.
You ruined my life!
Look at me.
For the next 12 years,
I want you to know that you put
an innocent woman in prison.
Now I know that
you may not believe that,
but that is my truth
and that is the only
thing that matters to me.
What?
You got nothing to say?
You're just gonna sit there and stare?
♪ Given me love given me peace ♪
♪ Keep that fight inside of me ♪
♪ Cause I said so ♪
♪ Given me joy given me grief ♪
♪ Keep me close to my enemies ♪
♪ Cause I said so ♪
♪ We're flying till
our hearts are lost ♪
♪ And we're praying
till the pain is gone ♪
♪ On my own all my fears ♪
♪ Through the heaviest tears ♪
♪ But did I
lose my high hope ♪
♪ This aint no love song ♪
♪ We're flying till
our hearts are lost ♪
♪ And we're praying till
the pan is gone ♪
♪ On my own all my fears
through the heaviest years ♪
♪ But did I
lose my high hope ♪
♪ This aint no love song ♪
♪ We're flying till
our hearts are lost ♪
♪ And we're praying
till the pain is gone ♪
♪ On my own all my fears ♪
♪ Through the heaviest years ♪
♪ But did lose my high hope ♪
♪ This aint no love song ♪